---
layout: post
title: Munich
categories: travel
trip: NYC/Munich/Disney
---

Our flight to Munich was scheduled to depart at 5:30pm.
However, we were stuck at the gate on the airplane for more than 2 hours.
Eliza fell asleep for the time we were stuck, but didn’t sleep the rest of the way.
She just watched anna (videos on her iPad).
I was concerned about her jet lag and how she would behave waking her up at what should have been past midnight for our time zone, but she did really well.
We also had an early flight to NYC, and she did really well with that too.

After getting off one stop too soon, we finally made it to our hotel.
It was surprisingly warm in Munich.
We chose a hotel with air conditioning and a heated pool.
I had less than a day to rest before heading into the brand new office for the first time.

It had been 6 years since the last time we were in Munich.
Since then, our offices moved to a brand new building owned by a bus company who also happens to be one of our travel providers.
Our employee size also grew quite a bit, so there were a lot of unfamiliar faces.
I hadn’t even met several of our dev team in person.

I worked for the next week while Stephanie and Eliza found as many playgrounds as they could (Munich has a lot).
There were 2 beer gardens nearby - one of them is supposedly the biggest in the world.
Each had a playground as many large beer gardens do.
We also went to the zoo, which neither of us remembered visiting 6 years earlier.
Over the weekend we took a bus tour to Linderhof palace and the famous Neuschwanstein castle.
Eliza pretty much slept through the whole tour of Neuschwanstein, but we had to wake her up for the view.

The following week, the team held an “offsite” where we all gathered at a hotel in nearby lake town called Herrsching and had workshops and such.
The same day we returned to Munich, the company held its annual summer party that evening.
We made a brief appearance and said goodbye.
It was our last day, and we had an early train to Paris the next morning.

Next stop: [Paris, Disneyland]({% post_url 2025-06-28-paris-disneyland %}).
